require_once(teamname.php);

Progress summary 2 & Problems encountered
Benjamin Lichtman, Chase Kuehn, Joe Sullivan, Justin Farmer

  Progress on our project has been proceeding as planned. Our group intends to
have a working final product several days before the deadline such that we may
run extensive tests on our system.
  Justin has continued his work on the'admin-page.php', 'header.php',
'basic.css', 'project-functions.php', and 'test-project-functions.php' files,
adding to, improving and refactoring the code while working on the project. He
added a file to house the project’s JavaScript functions. This file already
contains functions to return the current date and time as well as to
dynamically generate a dropdown menu.  Some issues that he has encountered
during this work are; Trouble displaying table rows that have been pulled
from the database (this was later fixed by an improved SQL query) and trouble
pulling filtered rows from the database (this is currently in progress).
  Chase has continued to work with and oversee the database, including
monitoring any issues that may arise with the webpages and their connections
to the database.  An issue that has come up is that the database can manage a
“limitless” number of content entries, but the website should not manage that
many images (for both aesthetic and efficiency reasons). To keep user interest,
a random selection of content will be displayed on the page and limited to a
certain amount. This limit will most likely have to be enforced through PHP.
  Joe has continued his work on the 'login.php' and 'user-page.php' files,
implementing and improving original code to meet requirements. An issue
occurred with the 'login.php' when validating login credentials, whereby a
user would not be able to log in with valid credentials, this issue was due to
an broken query that has now been fixed. Additional planned work includes
displaying the user’s information on the user page and creating a session 
once they are logged in and destroying the session when the user logs out.
  Benjamin has implemented features on the landing page to deal with the
database issues that Chase brought up. Specifically, the implementation of a
limit to the number of content panes (images with links) that can appear per
user, such that the landing page scales and maintains the user experience.
Benjamin also implemented a check for content restriction (one of the columns of
the content table) when the PHP program is adding content to the page. This
will allow content to be moderated via an administrator or the user, that owns
the content, by simply not displaying restricted content.
